Ideas:
Could start with a personality quiz to determine the country
Rank the answers in order from highest to lowest
Return the first
Print a description of your country

'''
Steps:
0. a. Store penalties
0. b. Store list of characters, default toys, etc all countries
1. Random assignment of 5 characters (for solo play, let them choose)
2. Ask for input of 2 toys, 2 gift wishes, 2 worst fears from player
3. Store inputs in variables to start (0 friends)
4. Each character has a dash of sorts at all times-dictionary

5. 0. Scenario intro if one.	
5. a. Chapter intro posted with possible status updates and mc questions (file? list?)
5. b. If updates, save in variables, print your variable increased/decreased
b. c. If questions, take in answers (none in round one)
5. d. Error handling if message is not legit
5. e. Lookup consequences of each answer [you chose b, you get/lose x <]
5. f. Gifts and fears exchanged-variables updated and printed
5. g. Update scenario

6. Repeat 6 times unless all countries reach max or min stats first

7/15. At end state, (stats done or rounds done), print final description of all stats



Country Status Variables: 
Food, houses and safety of people (fears), range(-12,12)
Wealth (toys, gifts recieved), range(-24, 24)
Kindness (gifts given), range(-12,12)
Happiness of people (penalties), range(0-4) 
Popularity (Friends), range (0-6)

Characters: FR, GB, US, IT, Germany, Japan
2 fav toys
2 Christmas gift
2 worst fear
4 overall or friend penalties

Intro:
Japan and Germany are friends from WW1 and they are enemies with USA and
Fr and GB. Exchange gifts with friends. Japan thinks it is descended
from God and is the best race is the world. Germany thinks blond and 
blue eyed people are better than other races but think Japan is okayish. 
IT decide to be friends with Germany, exchange gifts. All three want more 
land for their people!!!!
1937 Japan attack China (get gift)
1939 Germany attack Poland. FR and GB declare war on Germany!
1939 GB blocks exports on Italy's train tracks. GB take IT xmas gift from 
Mussolini

Two:
The Battle of France
25 June 1940
Germany and Italy defeat France
Germany take 1 fav toy
Italy take 1 fav toy and Christmas present from France
Germany if you attack you get a penalty.

Three:
The Blitz begins
Sept 1940
Germany take 1 fav toy from GB

Four:
Battle of Taranto
11 Nov 1940
GB if you attack this second time you get a penalty. 
GB planes torpedo Italian battleships: GB take 1 fav toy from Italy. Emperor 
Hirohito of Japan take notes.

Five:
The Blitz continues
May 1941
Germany take 2nd fav toy from GB

Six:
Hirohito - Japan
You really want the USA and GB's Christmas presents
Use your notes from battle of Taranto to plan a sneak attack on the USA. 
If you attack you get a penalty.
USA-president Franklin Roosevelt set up defenses
Japan surprise attack at Pearl Harbor
Japan take 1 fav toy from USA

Seven:
USA declare war? You are very strong. You have nuclear bombs that can destroy 
Japan and stop the war or you can try to fix all the arguments. If you declare 
war everyone's worst nightmare including yours will come true and no one gets 
their fav toys. Nuclear War.